README.rst, before:

=======
Appmode
=======

**A Jupyter extensions that turns notebooks into web applications.**

.. image:: screenshots.png

Try it live
-----------

.. image:: https://mybinder.org/badge.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/oschuett/appmode/master?urlpath=%2Fapps%2Fexample_app.ipynb

Click the binder badge to try it live without installing anything. This will take you directly to the "app" version of the notebook.


Installation
------------

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install appmode
    jupyter nbextension     enable --py appmode
    jupyter serverextension enable --py appmode


Description
-----------

Appmode consist of a server-side and a notebook extension for Jupyter. Together these two extensions provide the following features:

- One can view any notebook in appmode by clicking on the *Appmode* button in the toolbar. Alternatively one can change the url from ``baseurl/notebooks/foo.ipynb`` to ``baseurl/apps/foo.ipynb``. This also allows for direct links into appmode.

- When a notebook is opened in appmode, all code cells are automatically executed. In order to present a clean UI, all code cells are hidden and the markdown cells are read-only.

- A notebook can be opened multiple times in appmode without interference. This is achieved by creating temporary copies of the notebook for each active appmode view. Each appmode view has its dedicated ipython kernel. When an appmode page is closed the kernel is shutdown and the temporary copy gets removed.

- To allow for passing information between notebooks via url parameters, the current url is injected into the variable ``jupyter_notebook_url``.

Commit message:

Add conda to README, touch-up MANIFEST and setup.py

README.rst, after:

=======
Appmode
=======

**A Jupyter extensions that turns notebooks into web applications.**

.. image:: screenshots.png


Try it live
-----------

.. image:: https://mybinder.org/badge.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/oschuett/appmode/master?urlpath=%2Fapps%2Fexample_app.ipynb

Click the binder badge to try it live without installing anything. This will take you directly to the "app" version of the notebook.


Installation
------------

If you use ``conda``, you can install it as:

.. code-block:: shell

    conda install --channel conda-forge appmode

If you use ``pip``, you can install it as:

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install appmode
    jupyter nbextension     enable --py --sys-prefix appmode
    jupyter serverextension enable --py --sys-prefix appmode


Description
-----------

Appmode consist of a server-side and a notebook extension for Jupyter. Together these two extensions provide the following features:

- One can view any notebook in appmode by clicking on the *Appmode* button in the toolbar. Alternatively one can change the url from ``baseurl/notebooks/foo.ipynb`` to ``baseurl/apps/foo.ipynb``. This also allows for direct links into appmode.

- When a notebook is opened in appmode, all code cells are automatically executed. In order to present a clean UI, all code cells are hidden and the markdown cells are read-only.

- A notebook can be opened multiple times in appmode without interference. This is achieved by creating temporary copies of the notebook for each active appmode view. Each appmode view has its dedicated ipython kernel. When an appmode page is closed the kernel is shutdown and the temporary copy gets removed.

- To allow for passing information between notebooks via url parameters, the current url is injected into the variable ``jupyter_notebook_url``.
